hi I'm Road Dogg Rory and tonight I'm
going to be making a delicious green
vanilla shake and this thing so darn
easy to make that I'm going to do it
blindfolded first we're going to need
some frozen bananas
these are them and you're going to need
some nut milk out oh yes and some greens
I'm going to be using spinach for this
but if you want to get hardcore you can
put a kale or whatever your taste buds
will handle in this thing okay and to
make it vanilla we need some vanilla and
I always keep my vanilla beans like
Britain little bits not stage and gonna
need a little bit of sweetener song need
some raw honey
there we go Steve and a little pinch of
salt yeah that's going to be fun first
we're going to add our nut milk try to
find it there and want to add about 2
cups come on my fingers doing this by
for you oh now that's about good enough
now hopefully I won't kill the blender
and electrocute myself do not try this
at home okay we got our nut milk in
there and now we want got a good two to
three handfuls of greens baby spinach
there yeah and we want
about half of vanilla bean pie three
little pieces that's about a vanilla
bean pot and that I don't think was the
blender the heck is that today I don't
know what I'm putting in here but don't
worry it's just me drinking that's so
feisty girl for you okay we got the mill
in there we got the spinach we got the
nut milk we need a pinch of salt because
it brings out that vanilla you flavor
hopefully this is a pinch
and for sweetener i'm going to use about
three tablespoons of honey or a teaspoon
because that's all i could find
let's see
okay and now to start it off we're going
to blend this a bit get this good in
liquefied
yeah I'm hoping that's good and
liquefied enough sort of been
interesting for movie when it's done now
I got to find my frozen bananas ah there
we go whoa I'm hearing about three
frozen bananas and these are going to
make it nice and frosty and creamy and
cold and sweeten it up a bit dump that
in there
let me check the consistency here well
that feels like this movie not bad ski
now gotta find a cup
yeah now hopefully gonna be pouring this
in the cup God the base wants to come
with it again here we go
and voila
hey was a really good smoothie for all
people might have problems getting their
greens down and it's really good for
kids kids love it see you